This folder contains licenses and attribution information for open
source software used by Dessa Foundations. In all cases, references to
"this software," "this program," and the like refer to the libraries
and/or programs provided under those licenses, and not to any software
released by Dessa or Deeplearni.ng Financial Technologies, Inc. 

The file LICENSE-Apache.txt contains the Apache license, which applies
to the following software packages: Flask, Google API, Google Auth,
Google Cloud Storage, Requests, SQLite Dict, Tensorboard, TensorFlow,
boto3, Docker, Kubectl, OpenSSL, Kubernetes, Freezegun, Python
Dateutil, long, ansi-html, aria-query, aws-sign, axobject-query, bser,
caseless, detect-libc, doctrine, eslint-visitor-keys, fb-watchman,
forever-agent, oauth-sign, rxjs, spdx-correct, tslib, and
tunnel-agent. 

The file LICENSE-BSD.txt contains the BSD license, which applies to
the following software packages: bzip2, Click, Flask, itsdangerous,
Pandas, psutil, pysftp, python-dotenv, scipy,
websocket-client, Werkzeug, yarn, nginx, dill, mkdocks, mock,
MarkupSafe, browser-process-hrtime, css-select, css-what,
damereau-levenshtein, domelementtype, domhandler, domutils, entities,
eslint-scope, espree, esprima, esrecurse, estraverse, esutils,
nth-check, regjsparser, stringify-object, terser, uglify-es,
uglify-js, glob-to-regexp, ieee754, bcrypt-pbkdf, diff, esquery,
filesize, hoek, hoist-non-react-statics, isemail, istanbul-lib,
istanbul-reports, joi, js-base64, makeerror, moo, node-pre-gyp, qs,
react-transition-group, rst-selector-parser, serialize-javascript,
source-map, sprintf-js, tmpl, topo, tough-cookie, and amdefine. 

The file LICENSE-CC-BY.txt contains the Creative Commons Attribution 
license, which applies to caniuse-lite.

The file LICENSE-ISC.txt contains the ISC license, which applies to
the following software packages: helper-fsm, abbrev, aproba,
are-we-there-yet, ast-types-flow, block-stream, boolbase,
browserify-sign, capture-exit, chownr, cli-width,
console-control-strings, detect-node, electron-to-chromium,
figgy-pudding, flatted, fs-minipass, fs.realpath, gauge,
get-caller-file, get-own-enumerable-property-symbols, glob-parent,
glob, graceful-fs, har-schema, has-unicode, hosted-git-info,
icss-replace-symbols, icss-utils, ignore-walk, in-publish, inflight,
inherits, ini, is-resolvable, isexe, json-stringify-safe, killable,
minimalistic-assert, minimatch, minipass, mute-stream, nopt,
npm-bundled, npm-packlist, npmlog, once, osenv, parse-asn1,
postcss-modules, promise-inflight, pseudomap,
remove-trailing-separator, request-promise, require-main-filename,
rimraf, run-queue, sax, semver, set-blocking, setprototypeof,
signal-exit, ssri, stealthy-require, tar, wide-align, wrappy, and
yalist. 

The file LICENSE-MIT.txt contains the MIT license, which applies to
the following software packages: APScheduler, boto, gunicorn,
http-server, jsonschema, promise, pubkey.gpg, pytz, PyYAML, redis,
six, slackclient, tabulate, tzlocal, urllib3, wheel, Flask-cors,
babel, readdir-enhanced, jest, nodelib, istanbul-lib-coverage,
istanbul-lib-report, istanbul-reports, node, q, tapable, yargs,
webassembly.js, abs, accepts, acorn, address, airbnb-prop-types, ajv,
alphanum-sort, ansi-colors, ansi-escapes, ansi-styles, ansi-regex,
append-transform, argparse, arr-diff, arr-flatten, arr-union, array,
arrify, asap, asn1.js, assert-plus, assert, assign-symbols,
astral-regex, async, asynckit, autolinker, autoprefixer, aws4,
babylon, bail, balanced-match, base64-js, batch, big.js,
binary-extensions, bluebird, bn.js, bonjour, brace-expansion, braces,
brorand, browser-resolve, browserify, browsers-list, buffer-from,
buffer-indexof, buffer-xor, buffer, builtin-status-codes, bytes,
call-me-maybe, caller-callsite, caller-path, callsites,
camelcase-keys, camelcase, caniuse-api, capture-stack-trace, chalk,
character-entities, chardet, check-types.js, chrome-trace-event,
ci-info, cipher-base, class-utils, classnames, clean-css, cli-cursor,
clone-deep, co, coa, code-point-at, collapse-white-space,
collection-visit, color-convert, color-name, color-string, color,
combined-stream, commander, common-tags, commondir, component-emitter,
compressible, concat-map, confusing-browser-globals,
connect-history-api-fallback, console-browserify,
constants-browserify, contains-path, content-disposition,
content-type, convert-source-map, cookie-signature, cookie,
copy-descriptor, copy-to-clipboard, core-js-compat, core-js,
core-util-is, cosmiconfig, create-ecdh, create-error-class,
create-hash, create-hmac, crypto-browserify, css-color-names,
css-declaration-sorter, css-select-base-adapter,
css-selector-tokenizer, css-tree, css-unit-converter, cssesc,
cssnano-util, csso, cssom, cssstyle, currently-unhandled,
bobo-the-lobster-god, dashdash, date-now, debug, decode-uri-component,
deep-equal, deep-extend, deep-is, default-require-extensions, deffy,
define-properties, define-property, delegates, depd, des.js, destroy,
detect-indent, detect-newline, detect-port-alt, diffie-hellman,
dir-glob, discontinuous-range, dns-equal, dns-packet, dns-txt,
dom-helpers, dom-serializer, dom-walk, domain-browser, dot-prop,
duplexer, ecc-jsbn, ee-first, elliptic, emoji-regex, emojis-list,
encodeurl, enzyme-adapter-utils, err, errno, error-ex, es-abstract,
es-to-primitive, escape-html, escape-string-regexp, eslint, etag,
eventemitter3, events, evp_bytestokey, exec-limiter, exec-sh, exit,
expand-brackets, expand-range, expand-tilde, expect, extend-shallow,
extend, external-editor, extglob, extsprintf, fast-deep-equal,
fast-json-stable-stringify, fast-levenshtein, fastparse, figures,
filename-regex, fill-range, find-cache-dir, find-up, flatpickr,
flatten, follow-redirects, for-in, for-own, form-data, forwarded,
fragment-cache, fresh, fsevents, function-bind, function.name,
function.prototype.name, functional-red-black-tree,
functions-have-names, get-stdin, get-stream, get-value, getpass,
git-source, git-up, git-url-parse, glob-base, global, globals, growly,
gry, gud, gzip-size, h2x, handle-thing, handlebars, has-ansi,
has-flag, has-symbols, has-value, has-values, has, hash-base, hash.js,
he, hex-color-regex, hmac-drbg, home-or-tmp, homedir-polyfill, hoopy,
hsl-regex, hsla-regex, html-comment-regex, html-element-map,
html-entities, html-to-react, htmlparser2, http-deceiver, http-errors,
http-parser-js, http-proxy, https-browserify, iconv-lite, iferr,
ignor, immer, import-cwd, import-fresh, import-from, import-local,
imurmurhash, indent-string, indexes-of, inquirer, invariant,
invert-kv, ip-regex, ip, ipaddr.js, is, isarray, isobject, isstream,
iterate-object, jest, js-levenshtein, js-tokens, js-yaml, jsbn, jsesc,
json-parse-better-errors, json-schema-traverse, json-stable-stringify,
json-stable-stringify-without-jsonify, json3, json5, jsonfile,
jsx-ast-utils, kind-of, kleur, lazy-cache, lcid, leven, levn,
limit-it, load-json-file, loader-fs-cache, loader-runner,
loader-utils, locate-path, lodash, loglevel, loose-envify,
loud-rejection, lower-case, lowercase-keys, make-dir, mamacro,
map-age-cleaner, map-cache, map-obj, map-visit, markdown-escapes,
math-random, md5.js, media-typer, mem, merge-deep, merge-descriptors,
merge2, merge, methods, micromatch, miller-rabin, mime-db, mime-types,
mime, mimic-fn, min-document, minimialistic-crypto-utils, minimist,
minizlib, mixin-deep, mixin-object, mkdirp, ms, multicast-dns, nan,
natural-compare, nearley, needle, negotiator, neo-async, nice-try
no-case, node-int64, node-releases, node-status-codes, noop6,
normalize-path, normalize-range, normalize-url, npm-run-path,
num2fraction, number-is-nan, nwsapi, oargv, obj-def, object, obuf,
on-finished, on-headers, one-by-one, onetime, opn, os-browserify,
os-homedir, os-tmpdir, p-defer, p-finally, p-is-promise, p-limit,
p-locate, p-map, p-try, package-json-path, param-case, parent-module,
parse-entities, parse-glob, parse-json, parse-passwd, parse-url,
parse5, parseurl, pascalcase, path-browserify, path-dirname,
path-exits, path-is-absolute, path-key, path-parse, path-to-regexp,
path-type, pbkdf2, performance-now, pify, pinkie-promise, pinkie,
pkg-dir, pn, popper, portfinder, posix-character-classes, postcss,
prelude-ls, prepend-http, preserve, prettier, pretty-bytes,
pretty-format, private, process-nextick-args, process, progress,
promise, prop-types-exact, prop-types, protocols, proxy-addr, prr,
psl, public-encrypt, punycode, q, querystring, querystringify, r-json,
raf, ramda, randexp, randomatic, randombytes, randomfill,
range-parser, react-error-overlay, react-is, react-lifecycles-compat,
react-test-renderer, readable-stream, recursive-readdir, redent,
reflect.ownkeys, regenerate-unicode-properties, regenerate,
regenerator-runtime, regenerator-transform, regex-cache, regex-not,
regexp-tree, regexp.prototype.flags, regexpp, regpu-core,
registry-auth-token, registry-url, regjsgen, relateurl,
repeat-element, repeat-string, repeating, replace-ext,
require-directory, requires-port, resolve-cwd, resolve-from,
resolve-pathname, resolve-url, resolve, restore-cursor, ret,
rgb-regex, rgba-regex, rlpemd160, rsvp, run-async, safe-buffer,
safe-regex, safer-buffer, scheduler, scss-tokeniser, select-hose,
selfsigned, send, serve-index, serve-static, set-value, setimmediate,
shallow-clone, shallowequal, shebang-command, shebang-regex,
shell-quote, shellwords, simple-swizzle, sisteransi, slash,
slice-ansi, sliced, snapdragon-node, snapdragon-util, source-list-map,
source-map-support, source-map-url, spdx-expression-parse,
split-string, sshpk, stable, stack-utils, state-toggle, static-extend,
statuses, stream-shift, string-length, string-width, string.prototype
string_decoder, strip-ansi, strip-bom, strip-comments, strip-eof,
strip-indent, strip-json-comments, supports-color, symbol-tree,
tapable, text-table, throat, through, thunky, timed-out,
timers-browserify, timsort, tiny-invariant, tiny-warning, tmp,
to-arraybuffer, to-fast-properties, to-object-path, to-regex-range,
toggle-selection, toidentifier, tr46, trim-newlines, trim-right,
trim-trailing-lines, trough, tryer, tty-browserify, type-check,
type-is, typed-styles, typedarray, typpy, ul,
unicode-canonincal-property-names-ecmascript,
unicode-match-property-ecmascript,
unicode-match-property-value-ecmascript,
unicode-property-aliases-ecmascript, union-value uniq, util-deprecate,
util, wordwrap, cyclist, prompts, trim 

The file LICENSE-Mozilla.txt contains the Mozilla Software Foundation
License, which applies to the following software packages: certifi

The file LICENSE-Python.txt contains version 2.0 of the Python
license, which applies to the following software packages: futures

The file LICENSE-LGPL.txt contains the Lesser GNU Public License, 
which applies to the following software packages: chardet, gettext,
and paramiko.

The file LICENSE-GPL.txt contains the GNU Public License, which 
applies to the following programs: apt-transport-https, bc, git,
uWSGI, and all of Debian. DESSA NEITHER INCORPORATES ANY GPL CODE 
IN ITS OWN SOFTWARE RELEASES, NOR RELEASES ANY SOFTWARE UNDER THE 
GPL. All these programs are merely released alongside the software 
you're licensing from Dessa. Unmodified source code to these programs 
is available under the terms of the GPL.

See the file LICENSE.txt in the root directory of this distribution
for information about the terms, if any, with which Dessa Foundations
(including Atlas, Orbit, and others) is licensed to you. 
